Miare was saying the other day in a
statement that the dog had cancer.  In
fact, I saw the mother, who I was
answering to this journalist,
Bernal Triviño, I saw the mother
threatening to sue me because I
had questioned the cancer.
Well, now it turns out he doesn't
have it.  But look, on Monday she comes out
saying, "No, the
Provincial Court has ruled in our favor, they have
acquitted us, I don't know what, I don't know how much,
justice was done and it's like he's been convicted."
When I saw the tweet I was like, what do you do?
putting one and everyone
responding, "Bravo, congratulations."  That
is, he goes out celebrating a victory.  And they
had condemned her, but the thing is that she is
condemned for disobedience, so
the surrender of the dog is not annulled,
the surrender that the father had to make is annulled
.  The sarcoma issue, of course,
was my doubt the other day because
suddenly when they have to
hand over the dog they claim a lot
of things.  the biased judge, there's a
relative who's having a
suicidal attempt, all the bullets, pin, pin,
pin, pin, right?  And among them was that
the dog had been caught three times,
a vet half an hour's drive from
his town.  So the other day,
when the dog still had to be
returned, she posted this statement, she
said that the dog had sarcoma.
Look, here it is.  The court has been
informed for months that Marlos
has a sarcoma that is
being monitored.  Well,
suddenly now, after the 19th, which
is when they canceled the delivery they had
this Friday, Marlos is fine, under
continuous medical monitoring like all the other
members of my family.  And just in
case you're worried, the only
cancer he has right now is
Dallas lurking around every corner.
Furthermore, you have
noticed a tumor whose initial cellular analysis
indicated compatibility with
sarcoma.  The doctor who treated him no longer has it
.  He doesn't have it anymore.